Assignment-1
1).Write a query to display all the records from the STUDENT table?
  ans:  select * from student;

2).Write a query to display only name and date of birth columns from the table STUDENT?
  ans:  select stdname,dob from student;

3).Write a query to display all students' records where the percentage of students is greater or equal to 80?
  ans:  select stdid,stdname from student where percentage >= 80;

4).Write a query to display student name, stream and percentage where the percentage of students is more than 80.?
  ans:  select stdname,stream,percentage from student where percentage > 80;

5).Write a query to display all records of science students whose percentage is more than 75?
   ans: select stdname from student where stream = "science" and percentage >= 75;

6).Write a query to display the name of all students whose stream is not Science?
   ans: select stdname from student where stream <> "science";

7).Write a query to display all student names and their percentages where the percentage of students is between 60 and 80?
   ans: select stdname,percentage from student where percentage between 60 and 80;

8).Write a query to change a student name from SWATI MISHRA to SWATI VERMA whose StdID is 1014 and also change percentage 86?
  ans:  update student set stdname = "Swati Verma",percentage = 86 where stdid = 1014;

9).Write a query to delete the records from the student table where StdId is 1016?
   ans: delete from student where stdid = 1016;

10).Write a query to print all records from the student table where the student name starts with ‘S?
  ans:  select * from student where stdname like "s%";

11).Write a query to print all records from the student table where the student name contains the alphabet ‘G’?
  ans:  select * from student where stdname like "%g%";




Assignment- 2



1).Write a query to display employee name and salary whose salary is greater than or equal to 2200?
 ans:   select ename,sal from employees where sal > 2200;

2).Write a query to display details of employees who are not getting commission?
  ans:  select * from employees where comm = 'null';

3).Write a query to display employee name and salary of those employees who don’t have their salary in the range of 2500 to 4000?
  ans:  select ename,sal from employees where sal between 2500 and 4000;

4).Write a query to display the name, job title and salary of employees whose job title is not a manager?
   ans: select ename,job,sal from employees where job <> 'manager';

5).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains “A” as the second alphabet?
   ans: select ename from employees where ename like "_a%";

6).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains “T” as the last alphabet?
   ans: select ename from employees where ename like "%t";

7).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains ”K” as First and “L” as third alphabet?
   ans: select ename from employees where ename like "k_l%";